Links repo with `prefect-collection-template` via `cruft` (#9)
PrefectHQ/prefect-postgres: README.md

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://pypi.python.org/pypi/prefect-postgres/" alt="PyPI version">
        <img alt="PyPI" src="https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/prefect-postgres?color=0052FF&labelColor=090422"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-postgres/" alt="Stars">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/PrefectHQ/prefect-postgres?color=0052FF&labelColor=090422" /></a>
    <a href="https://pepy.tech/badge/prefect-postgres/" alt="Downloads">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/prefect-postgres?color=0052FF&labelColor=090422" /></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-postgres/pulse" alt="Activity">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/PrefectHQ/prefect-postgres?color=0052FF&labelColor=090422" /></a>
    <br>
    <a href="https://prefect-community.slack.com" alt="Slack">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/slack-join_community-red.svg?color=0052FF&labelColor=090422&logo=slack" /></a>
    <a href="https://discourse.prefect.io/" alt="Discourse">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/discourse-browse_forum-red.svg?color=0052FF&labelColor=090422&logo=discourse" /></a>
</p>

> See https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-sqlalchemy instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `postgres` engine is also available in [`prefect-sqlalchemy`](https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-sqlalchemy).
```

Author: I'm not going to change this yet because there isn't any functionality in this collection. Once some stuff is built, we can remove this line.
